u.s.
gov.
gov.
l.t.
shocked!"
train no.
literally.
the b.a.a.
my friend.
1 in 1972 .
initiative .
says one man .
', greig asks .
coast guard capt.
hamilton: ferrari?
and it’s been hell.
pero died in march .
do you know the boy?
he shouts 'i get it.
visit oakbottle.com.
'now i have a waist!'
to describe the win .
heavy drinking males .
with kelly and michael .
mother's day is may 10 .
i'm doing what god wants'
in just blaming cops, we ignore source of strife .
tottenham will resist all summer offers for rose .
click here for the latest manchester united news .
they are already relegated from the championship .
click here for the latest tottenham hotspur news .
brown also has a younger sister called trezeguet .
it has since amassed 816million views on youtube .
both teens were juniors at jeannette high school .
it took two decades for the truth to be revealed .
hours later niki gave birth to their son, blaise .
all residents are required to wear blue uniforms .
fits in her yoga classes a 'couple of time a week'
dumb and dumber to is out now on blu-ray and dvd .
he also said no one was standing behind the girl .
returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .
marcus later died of cardiac arrest, family said .
click here for all the latest from the miami open .
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
click here for all the latest premier league news .
charlotte edwards received her cbe from the queen .
rangers face dumbarton away from home on saturday .
click here for our 2015 grand national sweepstake .
fitzpatrick was capped seven times by his country .
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
incredibly tense final day is expected on june 12 .
the penalty came a decade after their convictions .
her last known condition was reported as critical .
lazarus' lawyers are now appealing his conviction .
he has insisted that he doesn't know where she is .
the app is available now for both ios and android .
she now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges .
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
iceman has been in marvel comics for over 50 years .
click here for all the latest manchester city news .
john carver has no complaints with the sending off .
matt smith restored fulham's lead before half-time .
read: muhammad ali hopes pacquiao beats mayweather .
clubs have until thursday to respond to fa charges .
the vibrant sisters have 111,000 fans on instagram .
he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
yemen also recently shut down most of its airports .
it was just a few blocks from her house in brandon .
they have received a total 10 drug-related charges .
la-based wilson beach says 'motherhood ain't pretty'
as the officer accused him of a seatbelt violation .
has been placed on leave while school investigates .
a healthy weight for sprinkles is around 10 pounds .
equality act applies to clubs with mixed memberships.
driver is preparing for shanghai grand prix in china .
striker won the trophy with manchester united in 2008 .
manchester city face west ham at upton park on sunday .
they won national club championship match by 500 runs .
10 deputies placed on leave pending an internal probe .
tim sherwood is getting the best out of tom cleverley .
read: what are arsenal's transfer options this summer .
win was jackson's first victory in the ufc since 2011 .
the sydney mother of two has 129k instagram followers .
the filmmaker eventually helps it out with a heat gun .
closing statements expected on tuesday before verdict .
security officials later confirmed fall of the palace .
mourinho: that was terry best performance for chelsea .
judge said the decision was 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
monday's warrick farm card will be moved to wednesday .
he taught her about training techniques and nutrition .
styles include frosted pastels and liquid gold frames .
price and release details have not yet been announced .
she asked for him not to receive a custodial sentence .
she is now cancer free and has dropped 10 dress sizes .
they leave australians with cold or flu-like symptoms .
gibson admitted she never had a terminal brain cancer .
we’re not afraid of anything,' doyle reportedly joked .
the works belonged to property investor, peter o'mara .
most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older .
the evacuation came after a phoned threat, sources say .
the 27-year-old was in the cockpit as the plane landed .
he has been impressive all season for the la liga club .
click here for the latest barclays premier league news .
read: diaby gets a game in friendly win over brentford .
hammers without enner valencia who is back in training .
manchester city lost to crystal palace on monday night .
plans on returning to hospital to see if it has worked .
reserve goalkeeper tom starke ruled out for four weeks .
bookmaker is no stranger to controversial ad campaigns .
volunteer said that 'with time he became my good friend'
psg travel to barcelona for the return leg on march 21 .
bianca took to twitter to brand her attackers 'lowlifes'
gary neville: man united can beat anyone at the moment .
notts county's jess clarke has also made the shortlist .
the second leg takes place at the nou camp on april 21 .
but brock james struck a  72nd penalty to seal the win .
social media went into a frenzy following the exchange .
neymar has blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi .
read: sturridge heads back to the us to see specialist .
damned if i don't', and asked: 'now it's wrong to pray?'
moran is currently an officer sergeant at that facility.
toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .
peter passed away of motor neuron disease 10 years ago .
chloe jackson, 19, said facebook makes her feel lonely .
bankruptcy rates are the same of the rest of americans .
passengers disembarked and were transferred to a hotel .
would join the trend for 'big' things in country towns .
starbucks is also trialling a dinner service with wine .
bauer allegedly told officers she is a shopping addict .
fun quiz revealed below... how many points do you score?
no drug charges have been filed against the mother yet .
officials believe the animals had been dead for months .
they were heartbroken to discover they are not related .
hot metal skewer put in mouths of those caught smoking .
heart-shaped box was supposedly written in its bathtub .
freeh was the director of the fbi from 1993 until 2003 .
she's formidable candidate, but where are bold new ideas?
first customer had queued for three hours for a portion .
capacity of anfield will increase from 45,000 to 54,000 .
foxes boss pearson admits they have no margin for error .
raphael varane was real madrid's best player in defence .
bell says it was 'nice to come back and put things right'
marius zaliukas equalised for rangers two minutes later .
clermont crushed northampton 37-5 in the quarter-finals .
his current deal at stamford bridge expires next summer .
click here for all the west brom vs liverpool team news .
luke shaw wasn't fit enough when he arrived last summer .
jose mourinho's side face manchester united on saturday .
the swimwear is a collaboration with us brand swim sexy .
pacquiao made his latest appearance on jimmy kimmel live!
jimmy white and reanne evans are also hoping to qualify .
users can search for photos on bing or upload their own .
his friend reacts in shock and swears after being burnt .
went on jeremy kyle show where test revealed infidelity .
lava flowed 100 metres from their tent during the shoot .
owner said 'family were really excited to see the advert'
however dna profiling confirmed it was an omura's whale .
i got out there and there was no hole dug,' mr gee said .
the death penalty phase of his trial begins on april 21 .
offer a signature cocktail menu rather than an open bar .
heale broke down demonstrating the incident to the jury .
guests are warned not to be too physical with the vines .
he defended the artwork saying 'nature belongs to no one'
back in 2013, but seems to have forgotten some key tips .
but he has just returned to action after another lay-off .
kelvin davis will deputise until the end of the campaign .
read: chelsea star hazard rated europe's best midfielder .
almeria are 18th in la liga with nine games left to play .
napoli without a win for five matches after terrible run .
he said he missed home in ways he never thought he would .
click here for all the latest news from the 2015 masters .
muliaina was led away led away by police after the match .
kane is eligible for gareth southgate's team this summer .
player took the bragging rights with a 240-yard tee shot .
ian bell retired on 43 and alastair cook after making 22 .
spurs now sit third in table behind united and liverpool .
john carver's side have only picked up nine points since .
click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
coleman rode the seventh fence faller stan six years ago .
pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
manuel pellegrini's future as city boss is also in doubt .
read: manchester united consider edinson cavani transfer .
read: alexis sanchez would grace the great arsenal teams .
but the keeper was simply showing respect to an opponent .
nigel reo-coker played 76 minutes before he was replaced .
wenger: arsenal fans should give fabregas a good welcome .
mourinho has never lost to arsenal manager arsene wenger .
arsenal vs chelsea team news, probable line ups and more .
read: it won't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
manchester city are also committed to paying living wage .
leading figures from the sport were quick to pay tribute .
they are both starting their final week of hard training .
the fa cup is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup .
gary, 29, also sexually assaulted her other daughter, 11 .
but a new platinum implant has 'made her look more normal'
the mother-of-two was removed from her house due to mice .
in fact, the dog jumped on his back to clear the blockage.
'all i want is good karma', ms eden said on social media .
third inmate, ricky jackson, received $1million in march .
two assassins, or 'sicarias', before her are behind bars .
the firm’s bosses received £250,000 in bonuses last year .
ms bialek's husband pleaded for help in finding his wife .
three people were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl .
the londoner's family has been informed of the discovery .
mr heslop has been released on police bail until july 30 .
the cause of injury is likely a victim of animal cruelty .
other bostonians weighed in on the planned dramatization .
briel was charged with first-degree murder and abduction .
celebrities such as kate middleton have driven the craze .
both were fired when staff learned of their relationship .
a passer-by smashed the window and dragged him to safety .
could also be used to improve self driving cars on earth .
he has no plans to stop taking she snaps when he retires .
crespo faces up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .
models are learning to self-promote as part of their job .
windsor park's west stand suffered damage on monday night .
liverpool are similarly poor with one win and two defeats .
win moves wolves on to 68 points with six games remaining .
the seasiders need two more points to pass stockport's 26 .
click here to follow the masters 2015 day two action live .
david moyes claimed the accolade 10 times when at everton .
ayew admits he grew up watching english football as a boy .
video maker said the pair 'seriously love to play together'
aaron ramsey's side face belgium in crucial clash in june .
event was a reception for football fighting ebola charity .
england play the republic of ireland and slovenia in june .
hearn insists 'there will be no options, no rematch clause'
adrian lewis crushed bunting as he lost twice in aberdeen .
koeman is also keen on signing his team-mate jordy claise .
they host premier league leaders chelsea on sunday at 4pm .
the 39-year-old was forced to change his shoes on tuesday .
co-pilot and the captain of a different team reported smoke .
results could help reveal how galaxies form in the universe .
it is not known what will happen if the timer drops to zero .
dr parker was assessed at a sydney hospital as a precaution .
qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports .
he was arrested  for administering the drug to his daughter .
the agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010 .
australian pm tony abbott advised the eu  'to stop the boats'
supervisors allegedly intimated colleagues to benefit bates .
but an anti-corruption drive means the breed is now shunned .
but also suffered embarrassment with loo stop in 2005 event .
guests included lea michele and her boyfriend matthew paetz .
mark is now serving a four year eight month prison sentence .
artist dave poulin has refused to comment on the controversy .
former lille player was reported to be in a stable condition .
david alaba is expected to be out for the rest of the season .
the former goalkeeper earned one cap for sweden back in 2001 .
barcelona hoping to maintain la liga lead against celta vigo .
eagle interrupted north shore football club training session .
arsenal play liverpool at the emirates on saturday lunchtime .
cellino currently serving a football league disqualification .
he says sterling does not owe his career to the anfield club .
gobitaca represented sweden in tv show world’s most talented .
teams pay their respect to richie benaud, who died last week .
video captures daredevil struggling over a ledge on building .
video was shot at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre .
that is that he is never a hypocrite when he faces the media .
he already has a league cup winners' medal in his collection .
paul downton was sacked as managing director of england team .
the bizarre footage was recorded at the family home in texas .
click here for our andy murray and kim sears picture special .
jermaine blackwood hit his maiden test century for the hosts .
but they have some way to go to catch the 436 of real madrid .
the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .
he is currently on a book tour promoting beneath the surface .
one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
the wales forward was sent off for an attack on lance hohaia .
messi said he is happy and 'back to my best' after poor 2014 .
pep guardiola's side have looked untroubled by their absence .
read: theo walcott will open arsenal talks in next fortnight .
it will be sold by hansons in etwall, derbyshire, on june 26 .
he explained caesar came running at him and he shot him dead .
rescue workers moved them to a shelter in lebanon, tennessee .
peta later admitted the lamb was in fact a prop made of foam .
left her hard hat at home and opted for a silk scarf instead .
unicef film highlights few escapees are now in refugee camps .
thought to be caused by a coal seam spontaneously combusting .
both ran florida wildlife sanctuary called the critter place .
was seen on cctv wearing guard's uniform and driving his suv .
returned to the lecture room for a second day in a row today .
customers complain everything at luton airport is chargeable .
this will be conducted at the lone pine service on anzac day .
other items include a diaper made from reindeer skin and fur .
her accused murderer is the school cleaner, vincent stanford .
the downstairs kitchen is used by the family's live-in nanny .
this week she finally admitted she never actually had cancer .
video shows him slamming her to the concrete of the car park .
pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media .
method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
mother-of-two was badly burned in lanzarote at the age of 15 .
a man dressed in female clothing produced a fake machine gun .
they said she needs treatment for numerous mentall illnesses .
and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
they gave permission for the alaskan malamute to be destroyed .
co-workers had heard moaning then saw blood on restroom floor .
'someone needs to be held accountable,' the boys' mother said .
the infant was found about 20-30 metres from the water's edge .
researchers now want to study how the brain responds to taste .
the force of the oncoming snow caused him to slam into a rock .
the fiance only found out about brittany's death a month later .
aston villa are 16th and three points clear of relegation zone .
he lashed out at them, calling them 'lil poofters' on saturday .
carlos tevez strikes as juventus maintain huge lead at the top .
tigers currently have a three-point cushion to relegation zone .
he denies assault allegations over alleged incident last month .
qpr manager says his players have belief that they can stay up .
one woman broke a leg while a second woman broke both her legs .
james neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury .
kell brook is another possible opponent but khan wants to wait .
merson had slammed townsend for his display against man united .
hull also have their eye on west brom attacker victor anichebe .
the cooler climate should suit lewis hamilton and nico rosberg .
defender mauricio captures fans celebrations with selfie stick .
arteta, wilshere and diaby are all close to first-team returns .
pietersen's surrey team-mate chris tremlett back him to return .
jose mourinho's side visit qpr in the premier league on sunday .
click here for all the latest news from the world of f1 racing .
ice hockey world championship takes place in holland next week .
people want to live at homes of christian grey, batman, carrie bradshaw .
afterwards pontiff offered to kiss the feet of 12 of the jail's inmates .
and levels of glycogen in fast food group were actually slightly higher .
parents paid tribute to 'lovely son' who worked at special needs school .
ol' dirty bastard is dead so he wasn't involved no matter what happened .
gao appear on chinese state broadcaster last may admitting to a 'mistake'
family were told on monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
the bbc political editor said he hoped to be back full-time 'fairly soon'
one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .
royal aides confirmed the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth .
ukip said he's held informal talks with tories about post election deal .
they asked the australian beauty if she wanted to be a plus-sized model .
high court overturned  gagging order and ordered rojo to pay £25k costs .
mr rickard, 72, said he acted 'instinctively' to save their beloved pet .
but in one final attempt she put in another appeal, which was dismissed .
naturopathic doctor lara briden shares natural remedies for period pain .
feltham named as the most violent prison in england and wales last year .
most pictures and videos found online were on websites in north america .
jackie's account soon fell apart, and rolling stone commissioned review .
shiva later complained of a bad stomach ache and started vomiting blood .
mrs miliband said she and her husband are not interested in 'kitchengate'
target, bonds and big w are very interested in hiring aboriginal models .
police raided his home in december 2012 and he will be sentenced friday .
it won the top award at a prestigious international science competition .
they carried out tests and found she actually had an 11lbs (5kg) tumour .
also charged with attempted murder of another child who was also in car .
she compared treatment of aboriginal people to south africa's apartheid .
miliband poster compares him to kate asking jack to draw her in titanic .
is first player since greg norman in 1996 to have lead after each round .
products are being sold at  shops, a cinema and in two vending machines .
'digital seasoning' can also help drinkers enjoy wine by up to 15% more .
he has now successfully had the op in new york - thanks to a us charity .
his 'my name is chris' campaign helped raise money needed for treatment .
davis, 35, will be released on licence after serving six months in jail .
local police then re-posted his facebook message with: 'his luck ran out'
the supermarket has apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund .
his wife described how he stuffed watches in socks shortly before death .
construction workers were installing sidewalk on the bridge at the time .
days before her death doctors said there was nothing more they could do .
she asked to be discharged and is expected to be tested later this week .
an inquest found he jumped from the roof while suffering 'intense stress'
in nearby burundi, youngsters are being housed in special accommodation .
previously users had to search through pages of text broken up by links .
but most recent escapade has won the mountain lion a legion of new fans .
the cosmetic artist then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth .
police are now appealing for information to help them catch the raiders .
but she was then told to appear at court and fined £304 plus £200 costs .
his pledge is a victory for the daily mail's block online porn campaign .
family were told on monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
last year, miss carvalho had vaginal surgery to 'restore' her virginity .
his neighbors and friends said he was loved by all within the community .
same gang believed to have also hit neighboring businesses during spree .
findings released to coincide with equal pay day to show gender pay gap .
released to be deported but is refusing to leave in fear he'd be killed .
she was aged between 25 and 40, about 5'4' and had her hair in pigtails .
set to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams, new york .
ex-femen activist josephine witt, 21, identified herself as demostrator .
has a long criminal record and has a tense relationship with the family .
now 41, randall won parole at his first hearing - released after june 4 .
co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
plans to start his own business but worries he won't be taken seriously .
a video has appeared online showing a man snorting ice behind the wheel .
bk will provide personalized gift bags, mason jars and crowns for event .
mr baggaley has also been charged with a string of serious drug charges .
council feared new addington house would become sick tourist attraction .
miss grogan  won claim for constructive dismissal and sexual harassment .
eyewitness: at one point 15 buses stuck in queues before diverting area .
he apologised to organisers, saying he did not mean to disturb the show .
hearing heard the patient could have been blinded by force of the blows .
instead, photo only showed kanye and mayor nir barkat chatting at table .
national housing federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn .
rory mcilroy brought one direction's niall horan  to caddie the contest .
he denies raping the girl after she invited him back to her camden flat .
rows of books are behind him - photoshopped to look like there are more .
durst faces state and federal gun charges before extradition for murder .
pair now facing jail after pleading guilty to contempt of court in ohio .
mr gibson sustained the knee injury in combat in the parachute regiment .
an x-ray revealed an aggressive, inoperable lung cancer that has spread .
said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop farage from winning .
manchester restaurant blamed ms dodds for leaving children on their own .
some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
boyle and stack, both democrats, have been in political power struggles .
'nadia' is also forced to perform tricks and is ridden by resort guests .
a child can be heard crying in the background of the 911 call recording .
airbus state the move is to reflect 90 per cent of fliers using economy .
there are also legal uncertainties over who should get additional water .
they based their estimates on the 55-square-miles they have licence for .
experts found farming spread more quickly in southern europe than north .
while australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji .
solomon accepted plea deal that will send her to prison for 3 1/2 years .
boris johnson called on the pm to send the sas to libya to solve crisis .
he said that work rather than benefits is the best way to avoid poverty .
her brother apparently saw her covered in flames and threw water on her .
ms bailey said mr key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop .
west midlands police released the footage to help track down the conmen .
bill gates says some environmental impacts of meat have been overstated .
amelia, now size 8, says the cambridge weight plan transformed her diet .
customers were misled or bullied into buying policies they did not need .
says spiralized food is 'delicious' and she has more energy than before .
several carnivores used the cave as a den at the time 200,000 years ago .
many of faults awakened by drilling have not moved in millions of years .
later the candidate said he had been feeling poorly all day before show .
the plastic surgeon who is currently in pakistan denies the allegations .
it will allow english mpsto set separate rate of income tax to scotland .
but skin still has hairs on it, meaning he now needs to shave his mouth .
the clip shows how he is able monitor his child's location from the sky .
his biggest weapon is ability to make money - club has £34m in the bank .
the couple had two  sons brandon and brody before they divorced in 1986 .
however, it is believed apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .
three quarters of high school students aged 16 or older are on the road .
mrs jeffs says she spent years in exile before being banished last year .
other drivers have reported windows shattering after potential gunshots .
seesaw is made from raw material and sends occupiers to height of  25ft .
he is accused of using computer programs to create 'spoof' transactions .
however, it is believed apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .
uddin admitted breaking computer misuse act and was jailed for 4 months .
another baltimore man, dondi johnson, was killed by such a ride in 2005 .
but trust said ‘cash grants and in-kind goods' were double the donation .
miss bennett is hoping someone will take pity and buy her laser removal .
trio appeared on today's this morning to explain why relationship works .
sentenced to 12 months at southend crown court for leading role in scam .
storms could also happen in the south and along the gulf coast saturday .
goldsmiths university students arranged meeting to 'diversify curriculum'
airbus has developed renderings of their panoramic planes of the future .
has now managed to overcome it - but sees psychiatrist 'to stay on track'
now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
state officials ruled the shooting was justified after an investigation .
despite the abuse she told derby crown court she still loved her father .
mr field said he did spray her but claimed the incident was just 'banter'
he was bitten almost ten times and was 'screaming and begging' for help .
this included jumping off moving swings or going head-first down slides .
hearing will see if enough criminal evidence to warrant a court-martial .
school has various tactics help reduce stress including lucky key rings .
the accc announced safety recalls in australia are steadily on the rise .
the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over .
it means ms hornby and her partner face being stranded for three months .
the attack by a great white shark happened just before 10am on saturday .
in addition to los angles, some other us cities have increased security .
costume found about ten miles away at an industrial site near flat rock .
but bottles of loved ones perfume will set customers back £400 a bottle .
the poll shows snp are more interested in independence that the economy .
current owner bought paintings for small amount at estate sale in 1980s .
the terror group grooms children to take part in jihad from a young age .
bianca rinehart gave evidence in the dispute into the family's finances .
a change to a labour government the letter warns 'would be far too risky'
money also left to alzheimer scotland, children's hospital and churches .
bezos' wealth is estimated at nearly $35 billion, musk's at $12 billion .
they also found a small quantity of cannabis and four unrestrained kids .
at about 6.30pm friday, hawkins was shot nine times by cops; later died .
during labour’s 13 years in power, foreign-born population rose by 3.6m .
but state ruled teen was not legally mature enough to make the decision .
up to 33 babies could be flown from nepal in total following earthquake .
locals use the same techniques to make the rope as their inca ancestors .
the parole board are reviewing his case and he could be freed in months .
was arrested last week and accused of molesting boy under the age of 12 .
sabine smouha from hampstead has now won two-year battle for its return .
obergefell v. hodges will be heard by nation's top court from this week .
users created multiple memes of him in many various hilarious scenarios .
the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
no one could believe it when cody turned out to be white after hose down .
and reports from inside the company say a spilt can of coke was to blame .
children from one to six years old can go up a shoe size in a few months .
but the split before remaining embryos could be implanted, it is alleged .
she claims they have a 'great sex life' and his womanising days are over .
it has had 1.25 million views and been covered by media around the globe .
teen's boyfriend, james smith, 49, was jailed for life after 1996 murder .
mexico requested to retire name odile and odalys will be its replacement .
mailonline probes resort where 30 bears have been killed in three months .
suggestions include giant robotic ball has another magnetic robot on top .
set up a meeting with the seller and then stalled until police showed up .
children's father says ms guode 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving .
insisted he would not expel eu migrants after meeting a hungarian worker .
faces probe over claim he did not give information to macpherson inquiry .
cartersville is about 125 miles away from macon, where duane allman died .
in the video she is repeatedly told to put down the knife but responds 'f*** you no' and 'bring it on' before she walks towards officers and is shot .
adrian durham: sterling would only be earning the same as balotelli if he signed new £100,000-a-week deal at liverpool... that's the real issue here .
they discovered the virus in samples taken from beneath the santa monica basin off the coast of california but say the viruses live around the world .
mr. hadsell is awaiting a hearing on four charges of obstructing justice, a charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and breaking and entering .
clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a high-performing coe school .
at a public memorial today her casket was placed in the arena and at the site where she made her first basket, with items from her basketball career .
she also did not publicly object to passage of don't ask don't tell and the defense of marriage act as first lady under her husband's administration .